			      
                      SWT OpenGL Build and installation information

This codebase comes from many different sets of codebases that are under varying
stages of beta quality. It's fairly tricky to get to build and have the right 
dependencies in the correct place.

Firstly, we use a modified version of Sun's JOGL reference implementation code.
Many things have changed dues to incompatibilities between SWT and AWT, 
particularly on Mac OSX. If you'd like to build the JOGL code from source, it can
also be found in the j3d.org CVS repository under the module name jogl_ri. 

Secondly, the SWT code uses the current beta release 3.2M7. This can be downloaded
directly from http://www.eclipse.org/swt/

To run the code, you'll need to download the SWT code and install that in your
environment (you may have it already  if you're using Eclipse 3.2 builds).
If you have the standard JOGL reference implementation code, you'll need to 
remove that and the DLLs from your classpath. Place the versions that come 
with this code in your classpath. If you don't remove the other versions, code
will crash, guaranteed. They cannot co-exist in the same classpath. If you're
on a Mac, most likely you'll lock the machine up.

Once you have downloaded the archive for your platform, expand it out into
your Eclipse plugins directory. You will see that it has created a new directory
that has the platform-specific name on it. This sets up the Eclipse plugin 
struture you'll need to use this as a direct plugin to any other part of your
Eclipse environment. If you're writing standalone SWT 
applications, then follow the same process but in whatever directory you chose.
point your classpath at the JARs, and your path/library path environment 
variables at this place you've located the extracted files. 

To test the code, grab the examples and run. You should see some basic 
primitives just sitting in front of your screen. After this, everything is 
relatively trivial, using just the normal JOGL code. 

Justin Couch
6 June 2006
